CAMEL-20294: remove camel-facebook (#12843)
apache/camel: docs/user-manual/modules/ROOT/pages/camel-4x-upgrade-guide-4_4.adoc

The JdbcAggregationRepository now provides a deserializationFilter parameter. The default value for it is allowing all java packages and subpackages and all org.apache.camel packages and subpackages. If you plan to use particular classes and you want to expand the filter, you should change the value according to your needs. More details in CAMEL-20303.

=== camel-facebook

> The component was removed without deprecation. The library supporting this component has been unmaintained for a long time. We found no indications that the library itself no the component are working with modern Facebook, along with the absense of community interest.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The component was removed without deprecation. The library supporting this component has been unmaintained for a long time. We found no indications that the library itself nor the component are working with modern Facebook, along with the absence of community interest.
```

> The component was removed without deprecation. The library supporting this component has been unmaintained for a long time. We found no indications that the library itself no the component are working with modern Facebook, along with the absense of community interest.

Reviewer: isn't a portion of sentence missing going with `along with the absense of community interest`?

Author: Good catch. It was missing, indeed.
